i still can't believe they changed their
wedding dates we'll still find a way to
celebrate your big birthday this weekend
your big 4-0
i think i look old you look amazing
and i meet my future sister-in-law and
her whole family for the first time
it wouldn't be so bad if you didn't have
the mustache she's
really different and she's an artist and
she's passionate i do look forward to
getting to know you
oh you're pregnant no
what's in there then last thing i
thought you would tell me was that you
had proposed to someone why would he
need to consult you without
she is not kind audrey slow down
no that wasn't cool
wow oh my god it's been so long you
invited
my ex-boyfriend and you still look so
beautiful
no i don't i think about you at all i
want to live in the moment and be
free she isn't comfortable with you
coming to the wedding anymore you just
have
toxic energy and i don't want that
around me for the most important day of
my life
i'm your favorite godmother magic
organic potion
i just wanted to get close to you what's
happening
just a little molly you're gonna be fine
[Music]
you